UPDATE 3/17/2017: Bit my lip spent $50 to send it in for the trackpad. Got it back and now it doesn't connect to an chromecast devices. Spoken to Google because Chromecast function doesn't work on this chromebook. My sister's Samsung works fine.  Again its a hardware issue. Sent it in twice for repairs already. Just gonna throw in it the trash, Not sinking anymore money into it.UPDATE 1/16/2017: The trackpad is junk. It became unhinged 2 months into normal use (actually less than normal use as I normally have it docked with keyboard). Touch works but cannot left or right click by pushing down.Don't want to shell out another $50 for shipping in less than 3 months of purchase, so I guess I am stuck with it until I buy a samsung.UPDATE 12/2/2016: I received my repaired Chromebook after a week of ASUS receiving it. They were able to expedite my service.WARNING: ASUS does not reimburse for shipping to the service center regardless if you were sold a lemon within warranty. Try returning to amazon first and use ASUS as a last resort. I am out $50 because of this. I received an additional month for warranty but wish to never have to use the warranty again as I will be out an additional $50.I know this is a long review but hopefully you find my frustration entertaining. I would like to start off by saying that I love Google's Chrome OS and will continue to purchase Chromebooks in the future.I will not buy another ASUS and would definitely NOT recommend their products to anyone else. Google Chromebook support wasn't helpful either but boy does ASUS take the cake for worst in my lifetime. C201PA Issue:I purchased my Asus C201 Chromebook on October 14th 2016. When trying to connect it to my ViewSonic monitor via an micro HDMI to HDMI cable, I kept getting an "Unknown Display" error. I tried this with my VIZIO, LG and Samsung TVs to only get the same error. I purchased a Mirco HDMI to HDMI dongle using a HDMI cable and tried all four screens to get the same error. Others are receiving this issue, see the link[...]Probably a defective product, right? Stuff happens, no problem. WRONG!!!!! Google Chromebook Support:I called google support, factory reset by machine twice and they was told the issue needs to be escalated to an level 2 support whom only works 9-5pm on weekdays (soooo convenient). I have a day job like 75% of other Americans, I was not able to call during this time. The level 1 support assured me that he would request a level 2 support to contact me the next day 7pm. I never received a call. So I decided to contact ASUS because this seemed like a hardware issue. Prior to the ASUS C201, I had a Samsung Chromebook 2 and had no issue with connecting to monitors. It surely can't be Google's fault. ASUS Support:I contacted support four times via phone and twice via chat (6 times total in one week), troubleshooting all six times exactly the same way. All of the times it was suggested I factory reset my device and to send my device in for warranty service but I would never get any instructions on how to do so. On my fourth call I was finally given instructions  via email on how to send my device in.***Do not waste your time with ASUS support. All six times were a waste of time. The only trouble shooting they know is factory reset your Chromebook. I was instructed to do so about 8 different times. If you are buying a device like a laptop on Amazon I would hope you would know how to google "Chromebook Factory reset".*** Two entertaining trouble shooting suggestions: 1) 'Please install the necessary drivers on your Chromebook for your monitor.' 2) "Please hold the windows key and the letter P on your Chromebook." -> Seriously BRO? It’s a Chromebook! I followed the instructions and spent $45 of my own money at FedEx to send in my device. I later chatted to see if I will be reimbursed. I was told that I would not be reimbursed because I needed to request postage prior to sending it in and that I probably didn't received it due to warranty. I told the support that I just purchased the device 2 weeks ago and explained this all 6 times I spoke to support. I was told I would not be reimbursed. ***My sister's Samsung Chromebook 2, had track pad issues 6 months in. Took a total of 7 days for Samsung support to issue her a replacement (including send-off shipping time) and she received postage to send off. Current StatusI have sent a complaint to ASUS corporate via their form portal (they won't provide you a direct email address). My ASUS C201 has been in RMA device support for about a week stuck on the "Product has been received" status with no estimated repair date. I bet they are just continuously factory resetting it expecting different results. I did receive a response to my complaint telling me to factory reset and instructions on how to send it into support (which I have repeated that I did both in my initial compliant). I am currently out $45 for the shipping and $169 for a Chromebook. I honestly don't think I'll receive back. Thats a total of $214 (a Samsung Chromebook 3 only costs $179, I suggest you to just make that $10 leap Samsung Chromebook 3 XE500C13-K02US 4 GB RAM 16GB SSD 11.6" Laptop (Black)). I am just going to print this review out and mail it to ASUS corporate. Not wasting another minute of my time. Dear ASUS: I have 2 cases #s, a RMA # and 2 chat transcripts if you want proof. I can provide a call log if needed.

Like many other reviews on here mine also said OS damaged please insert USB or recovery disk. Shortly after it turned off and we were never able to turn it back on. Sent back today and I had to pay $18 for shipping.I knew buying such a cheaply priced laptop would bite me in the butt.You get what you pay for.

Right out of the box the computer, after being charged, just kept shutting off.  Could not re-boot without the screen flashing numerous times.  I've had two other previous chromebooks from two other manufacturers.  This isn't normal.  Have to return it.

No! When you pay full price for a new item you expect it to be new. This item had pre-entered social media dating sites. It had different pages throughout the history and also pre-filled data.

worked fine at first but it keeps saying "Chome OS is missing or damaged. Please insert a recovery USB stick or SD card"I figured out how to reset the computer and erase everything so that i can boot it but then it did it again... now i am returning it.

Less than a month of normal use and my laptop began to smoke, turned off, and would not turn back on.  Other than that it was going great. Still waiting on the repair through the manufacturer warrantyUpdate: Took over 10 weeks to get a replacement because the service center did not have the necessary materials to repair my computer. Less than a year later the touch pad is no longer responsive.

Its okay.  It does everything pretty slowly.... this includes youtube, general website use... opening files... its really frustrating in that sense.The only thing cool about this devise is the shiny screen and the gold to red fade on the keyboard.The 1.8 Ghz processor really holds this thing back and has me wishing I'd bought something else.I have other Asus products and they're usually great or at least good... this thing is really frustrating tho.Update... its been maybe a month since I wrote my first post.  I seriously hate this thing.  The network adapter must not be very good because its running WAAAAAY slower than my phone on the same connection right next to me at the kitchen table.  And yes as I said before, the processor is awful.  I hate this thing and I regret buying it, I normally go with samsung but I decided to save a couple bucks and get this thing.... I wont make that mistake again....

Got this product though it looked good, it had touchpad and cursor misalignment. As a result when you attempt moving the cursor via the touchpad it either remains static or doesn't coincide with the cursors movement on the screen.

I requested a replacement product because the arrow keys dint work. They now work on this new computer they sent, but the machine shuts down every few seconds. You sent another defected product. Very disappointed.

the book never worked rightits on only if the power source is plugged in if not it dies

My opinion of ASUS has gone done drastically after purchasing this unit. For the price point the performance and feel of the item are fine. My issue is with durability. After only three months of frequent use, the LCD started displaying random black patterns. I assumed ASUS would stand behind their product, here is where I was mistaken. Contacting ASUS support and describing the problem, they instructed me to ship it to their service center. So far so good. They did respond rather promptly after they received the unit, but then they informed me that the LCD is not covered under warranty, and that I would have to pay a $200 fee to have it repaired. I'm not quite sure how they can charge more to repaid the unit than the cost of a new unit, but that is where I stand with them. I'm disappointed, because I've purchased numerous ASUS products in the past because of their quality, but never again now that I see how they treat their customers when they do have a quality problem.

The volume does not work. When I connect it to my TV, volume keeps jumping randomly up and down.

I ordered this chrome book and it started crashing two days later. Never ordering that again.

In the past, I've always used Samsung Chromebooks, but I decided to give Asus a try this time.The biggest issue came when I tried to log in.  Set up seemed simple, choosing the language, accessing the wifi, and signing into my google account.  It got me logged in, but when I tried to start Chrome, things went really weird.  None of my bookmarks were loading, and it said the tabs hadn't shut down properly.  I couldn't even close Chrome or choose to restart it, because the screen went black temporarily.  Then, it seemed to start up Chrome again, only to AGAIN go black.  It repeated this a couple of times before logging me out entirely.  I tried logging in again, but the same thing happened.  I tried closing chrome, clicking restart, opening other taps, even minimizing it, as if that might magically do something, but there was nothing. It kept doing the same thing, going black and trying to start Chrome, and again failing.So we called tech support.  They told us how to restart and power wash the computer, and we followed their instructions.  Then I tried again to log in.  Again, it didn't work.  The same thing kept happening.  They said that if that didn't work, we should just send the computer back.  We were not impressed with this customer service tactic.  So, we're sending the computer back and getting a Samsung Chromebook instead.Another big problem I had with this product: it had to charge for three hours when I first got it before it could be used.  The charging cable wasn't very good either, and is one of those that has to be put in right side up, like the old Apple device cables, so you sit there for a minute trying to figure out which way to put it in.  Then, it wasn't even put in all the way until it clicked, so it didn't start charging until the mistake was realized about an hour later.Overall, very bad experience.  Try a Samsung Chromebook.  We've had three, and they never had any problems out of the box.  They've all lasted 2-3 years each.

The first one of these that came would boot up and connect to the internet but would get stuck in a crashing loop. The second one was DOA.

has to be send to manufacture for some issue, so inconvenient

It was a nice computer while it lasted.  It performed web browsing and Netflix quickly.  As a chromebook, it was somewhat limited in applications, but it performed nicely.  A little over a month after buying it the charging port broke for seemingly no reason at all.  The build had seemed a bit on the cheap side to me initially, and apparently my assessment was correct.  Maybe I just got a faulty one, but it's now unusable.

2nd one already, defective battery, sudden shutdowns occur too frequent!

I have had this laptop for 3 months and the charger melted. It works just fine with everything in the laptop but, the charger was hot enough to start a fire.

After owning this laptop for over two months now, I can say it's basically a smartphone with a keyboard, with less functionality than a smartphone. It cannot load 1080p youtube videos, needing to buffer at least half an hour to buffer a 15-minute video. Facebook and Twitter sputter constantly, even if they are the only tab open. I sold my desktop thinking it was time to downsize and it was an absolute regret.

If I could give the Asus C201 Chromebook zero stars, I would gladly do so. The first one I purchased never worked. When I turned it on to set it up an error message appeared on the screen and I could not continue further. After speaking with technical support, I decided it would be best to return it and opted for a replacement. Well, I received my replacement today and I was able set it up and sign in, but once I did, the thing literally started going CRAZY!  When I sign on, it goes to my homepage as it should, but then all on it's own, it goes to another tab, and then back to my homepage, then to my homescreen and then to a dark screen and it just keeps repeating the entire pattern again. If I try to operate it, it will go to the page I want, but after a few seconds, the same  crazy pattern starts again. I shut it off, and tried it again after some time had passed and it did the same thing. Well it's going back asap and I'm just so done with this Chromebook and Asus.  This was a replacement for my 1st generation Samsung Chromebook which I gave to a young relative and it still works GREAT! Darn, I'm now kind of wishing that had kept it. Well, it's back to Samsung Chromebooks for me.

Not even a year old and it doesn't work anymore. After 3 weeks of owning the chromebook the back of the keyboard just under the screen open up so every time you had to use it and you open it it made a click sound. I just bare with it until a week ago when it just doesn't turn on anymore, I don't know if is the screen or the whole thing itself.

Gave this to my daughter for Christmas.  First time she tried to login there was a problem.  It would flash off and on a few times, then automatically log her out.  I restarted it.  Rest to factory settings. Still same problem.  Finally I took my Chromebook and made a recovery file and used that on this new one.  That worked.  Seems to be fine now.  However, I don't appreciate buying something brand new that I have to put so much time and effort into fixing it right away.

Honestly this chromebook exceded my expectations when i firdt used it. It was decently fast even though it had low Ghz loaded up extremely quick and it has an overall nice looking design. Now the reason i gave this a one star is because it worked fine for the first 2 days then on the third day i open it up and get a "chrome os is missing or damaged". I quickly google searched this and i tried following the steps it provides in order to fix it. I downloaded chrome OS on a Usb but then when i pluged it in the chromebook didnt even recognize my USB. I tried this several times to make sure it wasn't an error or anything. So i figured best solution was to return it since it just had that problem out of nowhere.

My daughter received this for Christmas and it says Chome Os is missing or damage. Please insert a recovery USB stick or SD card. Not happy!

This product did not work when my daughter opened it up for Christmas.. So disappointed.  I sent it back to Asus and it has so far took a week to get back to them and they still have not looked at it or replaced it.. Very frustrating..

Just arrived yesterday and the trackpad is faulty - raised on one side and sunk on the other, making it hard to click (plus randomly clicking sometimes). Bought for thirty dollars off during Prime Day sale and now out of stock so it's impossible to get a replacement.. wish I had bought a different model during the sale.

Severely disappointed! I just returned a 11.6 in. Acer which I loved. A cursor button began to fail at only 30 days. 11.6 in. Chromebooks are rare and Asus used to be highly regarded as a Top Quality name in PCs. I am beginning to wonder? My C201PA-DS02 had a faulty Micro HDMI port. I actually did not know this unit had a Micro. Was super disappointed when I saw that! So I bought (2) two, yes two of these overpriced weird Micro cables thinking a bad cable was to blame. Nope! Lemon Chromebook. This port probably wasn't even tested by Asus? Unit refused to mirror or extend to my television. Both units were recognizing each other but nothing from Chromebook mirrored over to TV. Very sad because the feel of the keyboard was superior to my Acer and Toshiba. Loved the keyboard protector. I did the micro SD card as well. Still confused if this unit does or does not have a solid state hard drive? Maybe that's why its so affordable? One thing to note. I also feel the quality build of my (2) Acers and Toshiba are better than this Asus. The 11.6 in. Acer I just returned at right under 300 was very nice. I just would not tolerate a button failing at only 30 days. So it went back too.

I really wanted to like this machine. it is small light the Easy Transport unfortunately then the machine arrived and would crash and then reboot continuously.Strangely I had actually ordered the flip c100pa 4 gigabyte version and instead received the see 201 version I'm not sure why but I think that the flip c100pa version except for you has very big quality problems.Really grateful to Amazon for taking the machine back and refunding my money. there is such a thing as warranty Loop which in my case I Define a warranty loop to be a case in which you returd the machine back for warranty and you go through a long process where eventually the machine is gone for a long time and you don't get a machine back to that it works because you have to fight with the vendors so much. so what I did is this I went to Best Buy and I purchased c100pa 4 gigabyte version and also purchased a 3-year warranty program worth it my theory i that I can avoid a warranty leave this way because if it breaks I just keep returning it for a new one until I get one that's  that works they can't all be broken one of them has to not be working. the fitst 3 I re received both had the same problem in that they crash and then reboot seemingly randomly power wash does not work I have rather reluctantly come to the conclusion that buying from a Chinese company is sadly ahighly risky proposition it seems clear to me that ASUS said has some criminally fraudulent managers who are deliberately selling machine that they know will not work because they need the cash for so badly I would recommend anyone who wants a buy this to me shpuld ncarefully read the 1 star reviews for the company it does not seem like a company that I want to deal with in the future I'm proceeding onward looking for a while working c100pa 4 gigabyte ASUS C201 C201PA-DS02 11.6 Inch Chromebook (Rockchip, 4 GB, 16GB SSD, Navy Blue)model which is got the right foot print for me and we'll work out the way they're bad just haveadverised it. I hope you find the center of this review interesting and useful good luck in your efforts to get an ice machine from asus.

the charger port is not a standard size and is easily broken. my chromebook is not even 2 months old, and is basically useless, due to being unable to charge it.

Terrible browsing experience. My mac air connects much better and more consistently to the chrome cast than does the chrome book. Wanted to like it but obviously long way to go before they can get this right.

The mouse pad is tricky and makes it so sensitive to touch. I have to return it.

This item was used once and when I tried using again I was told by computer to reboot at enter a USB cord.

Previous post: Actually, it had been my favorite laptop until the case behind the screen cracked without reason. Returned. One star.------------------------------------------------10/28/2015I bought the second C201 and received it on 10/20/2015. I have been using it 8 -10 hours every day since then. Very satisfied! Here is what I found:Pro1) Weight  At only 2 lbs, it is by far lighter than any other laptop with the same screen size. Very comfortable to bring it around. The charger is also the smallest and lightest. By the way, you don't need to bring the charger with you. Explained below.2) Battery life  Ridiculously long! Most chromebooks' batteries last 8 hours or so, which is already impressive. This C201 is rated at 13 hours by Asus! Asus did not exaggerate, because Comsumer Reports rated it at 17.25 hours! You really don't need to bring the charger if you are away from home for no more than one day.3) Additional storage  It comes with a micro SD slot which is good for up to 128 GB. I bought a no-brand 128 GB micro SD card for $7 or so. Inserted it into the slot and just leave it there. I virtually have an extremely inexpensive and extremely fast exchangeable hard drive with this C201. I love reading books. Already stored about sixty 300+ page books in the card, only used a little more than 1% of its capacity. I used to store my books on cloud memory. If wifi is weak, it can be hard to download. With this micro SD drive, it takes 2 to 3 seconds to load one book.  All other chromebooks I have tried come with standard SD slot. You can not insert the whole card into the slot. So, before putting your chrombook into your bag, you have to remove the SD card. If you forget to do so, you risk damaging the SD card, even the slot.4) Wifi  It is AC, about 3 times as fast as N. That is one of the reasons this little thing works quite fast.5) Keyboard  Full size keyboard. Feels comfortable and sturdy.6) Touch pad  Fast and accurate. Very easy to use.7) Quietness  No noise at all, because it does not have a fan, nor a hard drive. It is silent.8) Running cool  It generates little heat. This is a genuine laptop. Unlike most so called laptops, this one does not burn your skin. You can leave it on your lap and work for hours or watch movies without feeling the heat or weight.9) Display  The display looks more clear and vivid than other chromebooks with the same resolution. I don't know why, but I feel more comfortable reading books and watching movies with this C201.Con1) micro HDMI  Don't understand why. You have to buy an adapter if you need to connect it. The adapter is not expensive. I found some under $1 on eBay. But it is inconvenient.  To me, it is not a problem. I always use Chromecast when I watch movies at home. Don't need HDMI port. However, I still think micro HDMI is impractical.2) USB 2.0  There are 2 USB 2.0 ports located on the right side. Why not at least one 3.0 port? Don't understand.ConclusionI currently own 8 laptops and 4 tablets. This C201 is my favorite. I am bringing it with me every day. With huge storage, I enjoy using it with or without wifi, although I do have a hotspot.Updated on 9/30/16I am dropping my rating to ASUS C201 from 5 stars to 1 star because of ASUS's poor customer service. It has been almost one year since my purchase. The warranty is expiring. Unfortunately, the charger began to malfunction. I contacted ASUS on 9/24/16, and got their reply the second day asking me to provide more information, so they can issue an RMA number for me. I did right away. Nothing happened. I sent another message to ASUS again on 9/18/16. Still nothing happened until now.I do not understand why ASUS is ignoring my case. Very disappointed! The warranty is expiring in a few days. Maybe I would have to buy a charger myself. Very disappointed!Updated 10/3/16There are only 5 days before my warranty expires. ASUS continues to ignore my request. After sending me an email message asking for my information, ASUS's customer service simply disappeared, ignoring all my replies, and even closed the case without doing anything. I will never buy any ASUS products again!

Would give less if I could.  Worked okay for several months.  Then the frame started falling apart.  Called customer service.  Expected a simple solution, given when dealing with Amazon in the past they mail out a replacement and then allow you to mail back the defective product.  Instead, ASUS insists they will only do repairs with a turn around time up 2-3 weeks (with all sorts of legal language that it might take longer).  This is a computer I use for work and I cannot afford to spend weeks waiting on repairs.  I will NOT be purchasing from ASUS again.  Big disappointment.

The ASUS is not only lightweight but is an appealing unit. My wife loved the computer upon opening & thought it would be perfect for her travel. But the computer only worked great for about two weeks. She is no longer able to open several applications at the same time & the computer is slower than ever. We wanted to return the item and maybe exchange it for the same unit as there is a lot of great reviews about this unit, but unfortunately the time lapse for returning the unit has expired.

Used one time and now have a white screen saying chrome OS is damaged and it needs a memory card this is ridiculous

You can buy something twice the speed for 100 dollars more. This laptop barely runs facebook. 2 or more tabs open, forget it. Returned.

lasted 2 months - junk !

I never use that much and two week ago when i plug in its smoking am so scared

Well this peice of s*** is going back.  Straight out of the box and it fails.  Login, select ANYTHING, Chrome crashes and restars.  Does it 3-5 more times, then asks for password.  Powerwashed it 6 times, no change.  Used guest account, no change.  ASUS products failing me, no change.  DO NOT BUY.  Many people are having similar issues and simply do not know how to ammend their feedback or are to pissed to deal with it.

This chromebook struggles to connect to my wifi network.  None of my other devices give me any trouble.

Very slow, can't hardly run multiple google doc pages without crashing let alone an individual page. I recommend getting something from let go or anything other than this product.

Terrible product, this broke 4 months after buying it and now they won't replace it.

great little machine for what I do with it.  A few programs that I can't use on chromebook, overall good dealUPDATE: Seven weeks after delivery, the AC adapter heated up (hot) and melted when I unplugged it.  Machine discharged and would not turn on.  Bad experience with this product.

The sole reason I purchased this chromebook was for the long battery life. Of course, 2 hours later battery still at 1%.As soon as I unplug it, it dies.

No place for a flash drive.

It said it had warranty, but when a part of it broke, about a month later, it said that i was no longer able to return it! And now, the part where they said there was a warranty was deleted. I am not okay with this!

First shipment had a faulty power jack, the replacement had a faulty HDMI jack. Keyboard and touchpad are awesome- but it's not worth the hassle.

I live in Turkey but it came with an US adapter therefore I cant charge it, what a shame!

The charger breaks very easily. I've already had to order 2 replacements since Christmas

Update:After going through two (expensive to replace) chargers in the space of two months, I have come to the determination that this computer is absolutely not worth buying. It is a total lemon.Worse, ASUS customer support is awful. The common denominator here is not the chargers, it's the hardware they're supposed to be charging, and to a certain extent, the company that is supposed to support them. ASUS keeps offering to send me chargers, without any support to the computer whatsoever.Oh wait, I finally (after like an hour on hold with ASUS) got someone to "let" me send my computer in for repairs (on my own dime, naturally). Wow. Super helpful. Thanks.  Seriously, all them bad people at ASUS support can go sit in syrup.  Don't buy this computer. I regret having left a positive-ish review prior.-------I ordered the "red" version of this chromebook. It works like a charm. Basically indistinguishable from my Toshiba chromebook, which I also loved until I poured club soda on the keyboard and had to replace it. Chrome OS is a brilliantly efficient and rugged operating system that performs way better than Windows or Mac OS at the things I do most on my computer.Ergonomically, the trackpad and keyboard on the ASUS feel more responsive and comfortable than the same on the Toshiba.  Small improvement, not great, but considering that this laptop cost about 100 bucks less than a Toshiba, I'll take it. Speakers are OK, but not as good as the Toshiba speakers, which could shake the house.Problem with this computer, and the reason I'm giving it 4 stars not 5, is the off-putting form factor. It feels cheap. It looks cheap. It looks better closed than open. Open it, and you get a whiff of WTF, before your heart starts to sink. Who in the world would think this is a good looking laptop, I wonder, aloud?  When I looked at it in the pics, I thought "it doesn't look so nice, but maybe that's just because the photographer was inept."  In person, though, it is clear that the photographer was doing the best he/she could with the paltry resources at his/her disposal. You can put lipstick on a pig, but....

From the moment we opened the box and the Chromebook refused to start up... well, we knew we had a problem. It was more drama over the next few days, and software updates caused the device to go dark (literally, the screen went dark) or just turned responsive. Sadly, my son had real work to do, so we sent it back and upgraded to a better machine. One that would work.

Scratch at front of chromebook spoiled my mood. I was not informed about the scratches.

First one I received started up fine.  Logged in fine.  Then the browser crashed, screen went dark, reappeared and crashed again.  Did that loop three times and the machine rebooted.  Did a hard reset and the cycle repeated.  Called Amazon support and they sent a replacement immediately.  But the replacement did the exact same thing.  Won't buy another ASUS.  I like my current Samsung Chromebook but it needs replacing after 3 years - unfortunately for me, it won't be this one that replaces it.

This was just awful right out of the box. I have had Chromebooks for years. It is all I used. I took this one out of the box, signed in and bam, it would crash. Tried several times to sign in to my google account and within seconds that Chromebook would crash. I have never had this kind of issue.DO NOT BUY. I would stick with HP, LG or Samsung. ASUS is not a brand worth spending your money on!!!

Came with the wrong charger...

Even though this says it's a Cromebook our version had a Windows sticker on the back and the device crashed routinely like Windows 95 did back in the day. It couldn't play videos, it would provide run time errors with debugging scripts on the page, multiple windows would pop up with errors, scrolling was extremely poor - this was one of the worst product experiences of my life. Needless to say - returned.

Bought this as a replacement for my son's ACER Chromebook 1.5 months into the school year (Oct 2015).  Fast forward to end of school - June 2016 - it's separated at the hinges and won't power on.  Did not last even one full school year.  Very disappointed.

Was a gift!

Very frustrating wifi issues. I've tried all the documented troubleshooting (factory reset, disable bluetooth, deleting/rekeying home network, router reset) and I'm just tired of dealing with it. Sometimes it works perfectly, other times I'm fighting with my brand new machine for 2 hrs.Unbeknownst to me, general Chromebook issue - all models, it appears. Liked it quite a bit - when it worked - for the first couple weeks. Sending back tomorrow. If you buy one, good luck.

We sent the first one we ordered back because the screen would flash on and off and give an error message.  We had it replaced with another one thinking maybe the first one was defective, but the exact same thing happened again!  I called Asus Customer Service and they had me do a complete power wash of the system to reset it, but it continued to do the same thing.  I was then put on hold by Asus and no one returned to the phone for 40 minutes so I finally disconnected.  I am very disappointed and will never choose to purchase this brand again.  I am returning this one as well!

The hinge broke, like several others have said, after 7 months. Completely off making the computer worthless.  Manufacturer would not honor warranty.

Worst computer ever!!! Complete lemons I purchased this item for my son who used it a total of 6 times in 60 days then one day the keyboard stopped working. I took it to the local computer repair store and they couldn't figure it out. Now I have a paper weight worth a few hundred dollars. Steer clear of this one.

Don't buy this. Save up a tad more money and buy something that is not a paperweight. Colleges has very crappy internet. This means you need a home base. Windows mac have a home base that the computer can get to without internet chromebook does not so you bought a paperweight for your college student. ASUS is good. Chromebook is not.

Did not work for me.  Could not get past the first screen and returned it.

Hate it this laptop doesn't performs like it says it does

had to reboot everytime visit internet site.  New site can not be connected.

This was not new. There was another user logged in. If this was a refurb it should have been advertised and priced and such.

Bought as a Christmas gift and once we turned it on, the screen was nearly impossible to see!  No lighting at all.  Unable to set it up, completely defective.  Returned it to Amazon and went to a local Target store and purchased an Acer chromebook instead......for less money!!!

This chromebook has some sort of defect. It crashes everytime I used it. It freezes and restarts itself. Nothing Ived tried has helped.

What an unbelievable pile of junk. I bought this against my better judgment because of the multiple good reviews here and on other reputable sites AND BECAUSE I'M CHEAP, let's be honest. But the graphics on this useless slab of plastic are absolutely atrocious, even for $150. And I only ordered this to run Google Docs (I need to use the "suggest" feature, which I cannot do on my iPhone [fix this, Google Docs!]), and it's unable to do even that. It consistently alters the formatting and makes it impossible to edit documents, rendering it completely useless. I was moved to fling this (surprisingly light) trashheap out my window, but maybe somebody can use it to surf (do we even say surf anymore?) the web. Someone who never downloads documents, pictures, spreadsheets, Word docs...etc.

I have purchased this computer from Amazon and I have to return it because it does not and all funny stuff appear on screen.I really disappoint with this computer. Please do not sell this to anyone.Thank you very much.

ALL chromebooks have two finger scrolling HARDWIRED into the trackpad. This means that any contact, no matter how casual, with a second hand, thumb, finger, will cause your screen to scroll either up and down or left to right, or right to left. This happens ALL THE TIME when playing simple games or navigating the internet. Google has NO FIX, and apparently does not care. In fact it has disabled all the previous cures and workarounds for this problem. So unless you like one handed computer operation, or figure out how to retrain your hands so only one finger (and nothing else) ever touches your trackpad, do yourself a BIG favor and buy a cheap microsoft computer and configure it to operate on chrome. It will save you a lot of pain.

Although the laptop itself works just fine, i waited a couple of weeks before i can review the actual product to be fair to viewers and the vendor. The open/ closing mechanism was already somewhat misplaced when we received the laptop as a start of laptop for my 10 year old. It gradually started to disintegrate after a few uses until it actually came apart as the screws that support the screen were no longer in place. This is the poorest quality lap top i have ever bought. Somehow i was hesitant in writing this review because i gave it the benefit of doubt that it might be a packaging issue that damaged the unit while in transit. Never the less, it could be but i have properly working laptop that has fallen apart from its monitor and cannot be put back no matter what. i remain hopeful that someone would take responsibility.

I am thoroughly disgusted with this purchase.  This was supposed to be my daughter's big Christmas gift.  Once the password was set during the startup phase of this Chromebook, it repeatedly shut down every few seconds - so quickly that none of the setup options could even be accessed.  We are returning it to look for another machine, and will follow up this review with comments on the return and refund process.

thought it was new  - was susposed to be - it was used  - full of crap that was never deleted., impossible to use or operate -  sent from some reconditioner a real bummer -

After 3 months the keyboard and mouse pad no longer function well. 70 percent of the time some key is not working.And the return window is closed.

I didn't requested to send me a refund on a gift card I said my credit card.

My chrome book simply stopped working.  I have only had it for six months.  ???

The left click button of the touchpad was stuck when delivered. While the right button could be pressed normally, a strong push was required to dislodge the touchpad to register a left click every time. Returned on delivery day.  Also, while the item weight was stated as 2 lbs, my scale said 2 lbs 3 oz. The display opens to about 135 degrees.

worked great for about a month until i opened it one morning and the screen is so dim i can just barely make out the sign in, i signed in and then tryed to change the brightness but it does not respond. dont really feel like spending more time trying to send it in get it fixed or whatever, i was looking for a simple cheap little computer, well 169. buck for something that works a month is pretty expensive

I wrapped it up for Christmas for my grandson, when he opened it and we turned it on the screen is jumping it is not working correctly. Tried to get a hold of you no response. Can reach me at my email. billmiller7089@gmail.com

Screen broke within a month.  Sent to ASUS to repair and they refused. NEVER buy ASUS again!!!  They do not honor their product. They would, however fix it for more$$$ than I purchased the chrome book for!!!!!!

less than one year with this laptop and the screen is coming apart from the keyboard. I never even dropped it. Very poorly built, and you get what you pay for. Will never buy an ASUS product again. Horrible customer service as well

Well to start with... I positively think that the negative reviews of ALL folks who did not know what they were buying need to be removed. If you are buying a Chromebook and you do not have a constant WiFi connection, you should not be rating this product with "One star". Again, if you ordered it by mistake or if it did not meet your needs, you should not be rating low.However, I think I have a VERY LEGITIMATE reason to rate this product with "ZERO STAR".What is your expectation from a Chromebook? It is simplicity and reliability, right? Bye-bye to all complications caused by Windows (Which is, of course, a great OS for computer-savvy folks but a pain for people like elderly, et al), Always works, OS updates causing no problems, bye-bye to viruses... Great... Right?Well, sorry but NO!... And a big, big NO!...This device worked good for a month. Then, it started to display Chrome logo screen, then blank for a few seconds. Over and over again. Talked to the support folks, tried to reset the device, no solution.True, they sent me an RMA and I will ship the product back to them to get serviced, but that is not the point. This device is BADLY engineered and is FAULTY. Whatever you do to fix / reset / reload will NOT (I guarantee, again, will NOT) solve the problem at the root cause. Of course, Amazon will refuse return as it has been more than 30 days.Another point; At least, with a Windows computer, you can DO something. On the worst case, you can go ahead and install Linux to continue using it. With this piece of junk, you cannot do ANYTHING if you face such a problem.When combined with my 2012 ASUS Nexus touch screen failing with absolutely no physical damage, I will make sure no one I know will EVER buy ANYTHING with ASUS brand any more.Just FYI; This is my 31st year in Information Technology industry and I really think that I know what I am stating.UPDATE: This device did this again twice after this review. Approximately every 3 weeks. This product should have NEVER been on the market. ASUS was a brand that I trusted for years. Not any more. Sorry.

Not at all what I expected from website description.  I returned the product

Micro HDMI port does not work.  Apparently a known issue.  Touch pad sluggish.  Had to buy an expensive micro HDMI cable for external monitor (which did not work).  Had to buy Google Cloud ready printer.  Returning everything except all the time wasted.  DISSAPOINTED CONSIDERING I REALLY LIKE THE CHROMEBOOK CONCEPT.  Amazon is still my favorite, however.

I guess i expected more for a $200 computer

Profuct stopped charging on Day 31, 24 hours after it was not eligible for return.

I bought this chromebook and within two months it would no longer take a charge, and will no longer power on at all. I would like information on the warranty?

Dead on arrival

Did not work for me

Can't save any type of work. USB helps but every little thing was done through Google and its programs are bad. The computer locked itself and I'm not able to regain access. It does not validate my email not password. Their is no way to reset it.

trackpad dont work

Have owned 5 Chromebooks so far.. This was a Keeper. Last one was the 13" with Nvidia processor.. proved to be a loser. .slow..bad screen in short a loser all around. Only the Acer C720 with the i3 processor and 4gb ram was great. But not a positive keyboard... nor weight. Now I receive via Amazon's Prime Day sale the best ever. for the price it was worth the cost. .but I can never reccomend it for use online at all unless you have lots of time to waste.. waiting for it to work.Ok for kids I guess.. not for adults . .avoid this item.Supposed to be great on wifi but turns out even with 4gb of ram it sucks.Also the SD card slot busted first day. so floppy and junky.I will keep it since I tried to get the stuck SD card out and got even worse. I'll use it in case of emergency .

No instructions that I could find.  I can't get it to work.  I finally found that if you got it partially working the instructions such as they were are inthe software.  I keep struggling with it but it should have printed instructions to at least get it working.  I hate it!

Used for a few days, now it won't turn on.

I purchased an external monitor to use with my ASUS laptop along with an HDMI cord so I can have a second screen to view more windows at once. The HP monitor does not recognize the device. I then bough several other different brands of HDMI cords thinking that was the issue but still had the same problem. I then tried hooking it up to other brands of monitors to see if it was my HP monitor that was the problem. Nope, still the same issue. This laptop does NOT work with any external monitor which is EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING. I would like to return it but unfortunately, it is beyond the Amazon return window. So now I'm stuck with this dud laptop I wish I could return. I'm considering contacting ASUS customer service but based on past reviews, the experience sounds awful.

Am giving it one star simply because there is no lower rating. It is a piece of garbage.  I don't even know where to begin.  We are an Apple family through and through, and this was bought per request of my daughter school which transitioned entirely to google classroom for kids in grades 5-8. Next year my younger daughter is going to grade 5 and will need one as well. I will be sure to do much more research.

My box was empty. :(

I have never written a product review before; I am so thoroughly disgusted right now I have to get this out... I order this for my son for Christmas, it was his "big" gift and all he asked for... here we are Christmas Day and this came without the operating system!!!!!! This tears and disappointment on my son's face have me beyond angry!!!

You can't do literally anything unless you're on google chrome (the internet) after a while it stopped logging into any wifi even my home connection

Software freezes and the hinge broke so everytime I adjust the screen it turns the whole computer off, now it won't turn on at all. Piece of junk. Do not buy one

Not what I wanted

This Chromebook was a failure. After getting it I realized that didn't have a regular HDMI port and also didn't have a memory card reader. Will not order anything from Asus again

Chrome OS is terrible. This software is completely Wifi based - you cant install programs, only apps, ie why it is TERRIBLE for anyone who needs a computer for anything other than simply surfing the web. The computer itself is wonderful to type on, has an excellent display and is extremely light,thin and fast, however the software completely lets it down. Do not purchase this computer unless all you want to do is watch Netflix.

because i received a wrong item (Asus T100HA) and not the Chromebook as listed.Amazon refused to acknowledged the error and pushed it out as a freight forwarder issue.not acceptable!

it did not have windows 10 and you could not install it either.

I am currently deployed and this computer is useless out here unless you have a constant wifi connect. All the applications utilize internet connection just to function.

This cheap chinese made product did not work at all, pure chinese junk.

pure junk

Returning... Screen is too small

Really disappointed with this chromebook

not exactly what I had in mind..... the item itself is great but I don't know what I expected.... I know I should have checked to see if the screen was the kind you could control with, which it is not and I need a mouse. I hate it. NO FAULT OF THE PRODUCT, IT IS MY FAULT.... I DON'T KNOW ABOUT COMPUTERS AND WHAT TO EXPECT.... THE GRANDKIDS LOVE IT.

laptop suckss

THIS COMPUTER IS A PICE OF JUNK

the chromebook is light and convienent to travel with however the lack of being able to read multiple formats in audio and video is to much . ill never purchase another chrome anything again.

Just didn't fit my needs

